# flutterMachineLock
A template that enables fluter software to be locked to a single machine for software sales or copy protection.

It currently utilises the `device_info_plus` package to get the relevant hardware ID, regardless of platform.


## Usage
I would recommend NOT utilising the entire project as a template as there are references to "spusuf_template" as the project name in multiple locations. With that said, this project (if pulled entirely) should display and check against a hardware ID and return the flutter default app in the home.dart file.

I would recommend creating a project using `flutter create` then adding `device_info_plus` to the `pubspec.yaml` in the "dependencies" section, then copying and adapting the contents of the `lib` folder. This includes setting which check mode you would like to use (and deleting the unused code), see modes.

## Modes
License check modes. In the 'main.dart' file there is a switch that runs a license check in one of many ways. 

### Mode 1 (Easiest)
Mode 1 utilises a hardware ID as a string in your code.
This is acceptable for development, or deploying to one hardware device (such as an embedded device to be shipped out). 

### Mode 2 (to be built. Hardware ID -> response key)
Displays the user's hashed hardware ID, waits for a response key (encoded key with a known cipher that is baked into the code).
This response cipher can be manually generated or automatically generated by a website/server. This can be a one-time purchase (e.g purchase every time you want a repsonse), time-limited validity key (e.g 1 year license), or rate-limited key (e.g 1 per IP per month). 
This can be manually entered by the user in a text field, placed in a key file on the device, stored in persistent storage, or automatically fetched using a backend server.
Make sure the key is tied to the user account in a database for good customer experience in case of data loss/cleared persistance/uninstall/update. 

### Mode 3 (to be built. Embed a key at build time)
Mode 2 utilises flutter's build time variable (baking the hardware ID into the release build process).
This uses `--dart-define` during the `flutter build` process
